Huc, what are you going to do next?
I plan to reopen the bonus clinic first.
Then calculate this account with Trieu's family.
Whatever you do, I will support you.
She is worthy of being my wife.
Then I am good like that.
You invite me a bit.
Hey, why are you getting people to drink?
Hey, just a minute.
Brother Huc, the two of them together, no one can control.
There's really no way with you two.
Don't talk about me.
You're all grown up.
How are the feathers? Haha, don't talk nonsense.
I take feathers as my sister.
You are a little wrong.
Yes, Uncle Truong.
I consider Mr. Wook as my brother.
I am very satisfied, Ngoc Long.
Don't listen to him.
He is wood.
I choose you anyway.
Take the car.
Keep drinking.
I know I will go tomorrow.